README.md, before:

*Note: Special thanks to [@faceleg](https://github.com/faceleg), who seems to
have extracted this plugin from my vimfiles before I did. If you'd like a
simpler version of this plugin for whatever reason, feel free to use [this
one](https://github.com/faceleg/delete-surrounding-function-call.vim).*

## Usage

The plugin defines a mapping to delete a surrounding function call (or something similar to one), even if it happens to be namespaced. Some examples:

``` ruby
nested(function_call(cursor_here)) #=> nested(cursor_here)
nested(cursor_here(chewy_center))  #=> cursor_here(chewy_center)
One::Two.new([cursor_here])        #=> [cursor_here]
One::Two.new(Hash[cursor_here])    #=> One::Two.new(cursor_here)
```

``` go
SomeStruct{cursor_here: "Something"} //=> cursor_here: "Something"
```

By pressing `dsf` (which stands for "delete surrounding function call") with the cursor on `cursor_here`, you get the result on the right.

### More mappings

The plugin defines `csf` to "change surrounding function call", which deletes only the function itself and leaves the cursor waiting to enter a new name.

For convenience, the `dsnf` (the "n" standing for "next") mapping will look for a function call after the cursor to delete:

``` javascript
var result = function_call(foo, bar(baz));
// With the cursor on "foo", pressing dsnf results in:
var result = function_call(foo, baz);
```

### Text objects

The text objects for `if` and `af` manipulate function calls with their contents. Given this example:

``` javascript
var result = function_call(one, two);
```

Typing `daf` ("delete a function call") with the cursor anywhere on `function_call(one, two)` would result in:

``` javascript
var result = ;
```

Typing `dif` ("delete inner function call") with the cursor anywhere on `function_call(one, two)` would result in:

``` javascript
var result = function_call();
```

To learn more about how text objects work, try [`:help text-objects`](http://vimhelp.appspot.com/motion.txt.html#text%2dobjects).

### Multiline

The plugin also works on multiline function calls, for example:

``` ruby
foo = one(
  two
)

foo = two
```

The insides of the function will be automatically indented using the `=` operator to compensate for any potential changes in indentation level.

### Customization

If you'd like to set your own mappings, instead of using the built-ins, simply set the variable `g:dsf_no_mappings` to `1` and use the <Plug> mappings provided by the plugin:

``` vim
let g:dsf_no_mappings = 1

nmap dsf <Plug>DsfDelete
nmap csf <Plug>DsfChange

nmap dsnf <Plug>DsfNextDelete
nmap csnf <Plug>DsfNextChange

omap af <Plug>DsfTextObjectA
xmap af <Plug>DsfTextObjectA
omap if <Plug>DsfTextObjectI
xmap if <Plug>DsfTextObjectI
```

Change any of the left-hand sides of the `map` calls to whatever you'd like, or remove lines to leave them unset.

For additional settings, check the full documentation with [`:help dsf-settings`](https://github.com/AndrewRadev/dsf.vim/blob/master/doc/dsf.txt).

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome, but take a look at [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/AndrewRadev/dsf.vim/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) first for some guidelines.

Commit message:

Add note about LaTeX in the readme

README.md, after:

*Note: Special thanks to [@faceleg](https://github.com/faceleg), who seems to
have extracted this plugin from my vimfiles before I did. If you'd like a
simpler version of this plugin for whatever reason, feel free to use [this
one](https://github.com/faceleg/delete-surrounding-function-call.vim).*

## Usage

The plugin defines a mapping to delete a surrounding function call (or something similar to one), even if it happens to be namespaced. Some examples:

``` ruby
nested(function_call(cursor_here)) #=> nested(cursor_here)
nested(cursor_here(chewy_center))  #=> cursor_here(chewy_center)
One::Two.new([cursor_here])        #=> [cursor_here]
One::Two.new(Hash[cursor_here])    #=> One::Two.new(cursor_here)
```

``` go
SomeStruct{cursor_here: "Something"} //=> cursor_here: "Something"
```

By pressing `dsf` (which stands for "delete surrounding function call") with the cursor on `cursor_here`, you get the result on the right.

### More mappings

The plugin defines `csf` to "change surrounding function call", which deletes only the function itself and leaves the cursor waiting to enter a new name.

For convenience, the `dsnf` (the "n" standing for "next") mapping will look for a function call after the cursor to delete:

``` javascript
var result = function_call(foo, bar(baz));
// With the cursor on "foo", pressing dsnf results in:
var result = function_call(foo, baz);
```

### Text objects

The text objects for `if` and `af` manipulate function calls with their contents. Given this example:

``` javascript
var result = function_call(one, two);
```

Typing `daf` ("delete a function call") with the cursor anywhere on `function_call(one, two)` would result in:

``` javascript
var result = ;
```

Typing `dif` ("delete inner function call") with the cursor anywhere on `function_call(one, two)` would result in:

``` javascript
var result = function_call();
```

To learn more about how text objects work, try [`:help text-objects`](http://vimhelp.appspot.com/motion.txt.html#text%2dobjects).

### Multiline

The plugin also works on multiline function calls, for example:

``` ruby
foo = one(
  two
)

foo = two
```

The insides of the function will be automatically indented using the `=` operator to compensate for any potential changes in indentation level.

### LaTeX

For LaTeX expressions in particular, there are cases like `\frac{numerator}{denominator}` where a "function" includes two bits of curly brackets. The plugin will only work with the cursor in the first bracket, but it will affect the second one as well.

If you run into issues with this, you can disable it with `let g:dsf_latex_special_handling = 0`, but ideally you should open a github issue with an example I could fix.

This is only activated for the `tex` filetype at this time.

### Customization

If you'd like to set your own mappings, instead of using the built-ins, simply set the variable `g:dsf_no_mappings` to `1` and use the <Plug> mappings provided by the plugin:

``` vim
let g:dsf_no_mappings = 1

nmap dsf <Plug>DsfDelete
nmap csf <Plug>DsfChange

nmap dsnf <Plug>DsfNextDelete
nmap csnf <Plug>DsfNextChange

omap af <Plug>DsfTextObjectA
xmap af <Plug>DsfTextObjectA
omap if <Plug>DsfTextObjectI
xmap if <Plug>DsfTextObjectI
```

Change any of the left-hand sides of the `map` calls to whatever you'd like, or remove lines to leave them unset.

For additional settings, check the full documentation with [`:help dsf-settings`](https://github.com/AndrewRadev/dsf.vim/blob/master/doc/dsf.txt).

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome, but take a look at [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/AndrewRadev/dsf.vim/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) first for some guidelines.
